>> Brian Holt: All right, unit testing.
Like I said the former version of
this workshop v1 uses Mocha, Sinon,
Chai, and then also Enzyme to do testing.
None of that is outdated, like that's
still as of this moment in time and
probably going forward,
since that's a pretty slow moving library.
Doesn't really need to be fast
moving because it already does
everything it needs to do.
That's fully in date,
if you need to check that out, go do that.
If your into Mocha, Chai, and
Sinon perfectly valid thing to do.
But today we're going to
be talking about Jest.
So Jest is a library that
came out of Facebook.
And it came out,
I was still working at Reddit and
we migrated our tests to be on Jest.
It wasn't a big deal cuz
we were already on Jasmine.
So if you've ever used
Jasmine unit testing,
Jest encapsulates Jasmine for now.
I've heard stirrings that they're
gonna move away from Jasmine, but
that's a rumor.
I was using Jest when I was at Reddit and
it was just when it first launched.
And so, we migrated from our Jasmine
test to Jest and it was a nightmare.
It was just a train wreck.
The Jest that they released at that
time was, they took Jasmine and
just bastardized it,
they just made it worse.
And so, we ended up actually spending
time to migrate off of Jest.
And I'm usually not one from,
like migrations usually go poorly,
in my opinion, for the most part.
But we actually did take the time
to migrate off on to Mocha.
>> Brian Holt: So when I heard
that Jest was coming around and
people started using it again,
maybe a couple month ago here.
I was really skeptical, because I had
been burned personally, and deeply, and
spiritually by Jest, previously.
So I was just not very apt
to move to this new one.
However, I got some nudgings and
eventually people said like, look,
there's cool new features and
it's worth it and it's fast.
All sorts of things,
things I was not expecting to hear.
And then, I was tweeting with Kristoff,
who's one of the, I'm sure I'm saying
his name wrong, but Kristoff, that's
one of the core maintainers of Jest.
And he said that the only
thing that this Jest, and
that Jest that I ran back then have
in common is the name and the logo.
They've totally rewritten
it from the ground up.
And he said that they almost called
it something different because so
many people were so burned out.
And he's like, but I love the name and
I love the logo, so we kept it.
So if you've also been burned by Jess,
know that this is actually
a totally separate library.
It's still built on Jasmine, now luckily
Jasmine 2 which is a much better
library to work with than Jasmine 1.
But all the really crappy
parts of Jest 1 are not,
I don't even know what version it was.
But the previous version
of Jest are all gone.
It used to do this crazy
auto-mocking behavior which was just
really painful to deal with.
This version Jest can, but
it's off by default and
thank God, cuz it was just the worst.
Seriously, I still have nightmares
of writing [CROSSTALK].
>> Speaker 2: They're wondering
if you'd really come out and
tell us how you feel about technology.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, no,
I have no problems sharing my opinions.
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH]
>> Brian Holt: I have like PTSD from Jest.
So yeah, but now it's really great.
It's really cut down, it's a lot faster.
It does a lot of really
really great things for you.
And it has a lot of really,
really same defaults, which is good too.
So, we're gonna write
a unit test real quick.
And we're gonna write a snapshot test,
which is really, really new thing that
Jest, I feel like I'm saying really a lot,
it's super weird, it's really weird.
>> Brian Holt: Jest came out with this
idea of what's called snapshot testing,
which is a novel idea.
Which I think is useful.
I don't like writing tests, so
anything that writes tests for me,
I'm just like, yeah.
You write that test for
me, and it's awesome.
So what Jest does is it renders your
component out, it dumps that to a file,
and then it just compares
against that file in the future.
So basically, you assure to yourself,
this component is now well written,
this is the way I want it to look.
Now I want you to write a unit test
to make sure that it continues
looking like this.
So in the future, it's gonna be compared
against that first state that you had.
And so anytime that component changes,
you're gonna get a notification like hey,
this change and it kind of gives
you like a git diff of like,
this is what it was like before,
and this is what it is now.
And if it looks good now you just
say cool, update my test and
it just updates it.
If it looks bad then you know that you had
a regression somewhere you can go fix it.
So it's a really, really cheap test.
Which is really easy to throw away.
Which I think's really cool.
God damn, I'm saying really again.
I don't know what it is.
>> Brian Holt: So we're gonna create
a file called Search.spec.js.
Why do I call it .spec?
Because I've always called it .spec.
The nice thing is that Jest will find
.spec.js files for you automatically.
You don't have to configure it,
it just knows where to find it.
I think it all does,
does that as well for .test.js and
some other formats but
that .spec.js is what I've always used.
>> Brian Holt: Another personal opinion
here, you don't necessarily have
to subscribe to this but that's what
we're gonna do for this workshop.
I like my tests living right alongside
the component that they test.
So I have search.js and I have
search.spec.js in their same directory.
I think that's useful because if
I'm browsing through the files and
I see search, the first thing I wanna see
is the test research because that tells
you how to use test.
I think tests are useful as
a way of documentation as well.
So it's really nice that they're
living right next to each other.
Import React From 'react'.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
import Search from './Search'.
And import renderer from
'react-test-renderer'.
Which is a library provided by
Facebook that helps you do these kind
of snapshot tests.
And I'm just gonna say test.
>> Brian Holt: Search should,
>> Brian Holt: Or
I'm just going to say
Search snapshot test.
>> Brian Holt: And that takes a callback.
I wanna say, const component
= renderer.create(<Search />).
>> Brian Holt: Const tree
= component.toJSON().
And, expect(tree).toMatchSnapshot.
>> Brian Holt: That is it.
That is how you write a Snapshot test.
>> Brian Holt: Doesn't even
really seem fair, right.
This doesn't really feel like a unit test.
Typically you have to think like,
okay, well given this case,
it needs to look like this.
The first time it runs it's just gonna
say cool, I don't have a snapshot.
Bam, just gonna dump it into a file and
this is my brand new snapshot.
Every time thereafter it's just
going to compare real quick.
I have this now, and
I had this previously, what changed?
Nothing, cool, pass.
If it doesn't pass, fails the test and
says, you changed here.
Did you expect this to happen?
If you do, you just rerun it with a flag
saying update my test, and it's done.